README.md, before:

# Pythia [![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/pythia-project/pythia.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/pythia-project/pythia) [![Documentation Status](https://readthedocs.org/projects/pythia-core/badge/?version=latest)](http://pythia-core.readthedocs.org/en/latest/?badge=latest) [![Join the chat at https://gitter.im/pythia-project/pythia](https://badges.gitter.im/pythia-project/pythia.svg)](https://gitter.im/pythia-project/pythia?utm_source=badge&utm_medium=badge&utm_campaign=pr-badge&utm_content=badge)

Pythia is an application that executes code safely, within UML virtual machines.

## Requirements

- Make 4.0 or later
- Go 1.2.1 or later
- Squashfs
- gcc-multilib
- fakeroot
- bc

## Quick Install

- Clone the repository

        $ git clone --recursive https://github.com/pythia-project/pythia.git

- Get into the directory

        $ cd pythia

- Launch installation

        $ make

## Deployment with Docker

- Change fstab to have shm in no-exec mode for UML

        TODO

## Contributors

- Sébastien Combéfis
- Vianney le Clément de Saint-Marcq
- Charles Vandevoorde
- Virginie Van den Schrieck

Commit message:

Doc: update main page of pythia-core documentation
The README file has also been updated accordingly

README.md, after:

# Pythia [![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/pythia-project/pythia.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/pythia-project/pythia) [![Documentation Status](https://readthedocs.org/projects/pythia-core/badge/?version=latest)](http://pythia-core.readthedocs.org/en/latest/?badge=latest) [![Join the chat at https://gitter.im/pythia-project/pythia](https://badges.gitter.im/pythia-project/pythia.svg)](https://gitter.im/pythia-project/pythia?utm_source=badge&utm_medium=badge&utm_campaign=pr-badge&utm_content=badge)

Pythia-core is the backbone of the Pythia framework. It manages a pool of UML virtual machines and is in charge of the safe execution of low-level jobs. Pythia-core is written in [Go](https://golang.org) and can be easily distributed on several machines or in the cloud.

## Quick Install

Since the pythia-core framework uses UML-based virtual machines, it can only be run on Linux.

Start by installing required dependencies:

- Make (4.0 or later)
- Go (1.2.1 or later)
- SquashFS tools (``squashfs-tools``)
- Embedded GNU C Library (``libc6-dev-i386``)

Then, clone the Git repository, and launch the installation:

    > git clone --recursive https://github.com/pythia-project/pythia-core.git
    > cd pythia-core
    > make

Once successfully installed, you can try to execute a simple task:

    > cd out
    > touch input.txt
    > ./pythia execute -input="input.txt" -task="tasks/hello-world.task"

and you will see, among others, ``Hello world!`` printed in your terminal.

## Contributors

- Sébastien Combéfis
- Vianney le Clément de Saint-Marcq
- Charles Vandevoorde
- Virginie Van den Schrieck
